The rust compiler is permissive of f32 and f64 suffix (#922)
rust-lang/reference: src/tokens.md

without any spaces) by an _integer suffix_, which forcibly sets the
type of the literal. The integer suffix must be the name of one of the
integral types: `u8`, `i8`, `u16`, `i16`, `u32`, `i32`, `u64`, `i64`,
`u128`, `i128`, `f32`,`f64`, `usize`, or `isize`.

Note the suffix of `f32` and `f64` enforce that an integer literal can coerced

> into a float of repestive suffix type, which the lexer can be permissive of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a float of respective suffix type.
```

> Note the suffix of `f32` and `f64` enforce that an integer literal can coerced
> into a float of repestive suffix type, which the lexer can be permissive of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the suffix of `f32` and `f64` ensures that the literal has a floating point type.
Even when it would otherwise be lexed as an integer.
```
